mind_map_product_specification

This is mind map for product specification, v1.0

it is a classical mind map product
it is a web application
in v1.0 we want to host it locally only
it is a single page application
it is a product for personal use

features:

app will start with a mind map with single node
user can add nodes to the mind map
user can delete nodes from the mind map
user can edit nodes in the mind map
user can move nodes in the mind map

each node can have:
- text
- color
- sub nodes
- border line style (solid, dashed, dotted)
- arrows to sub nodes
- arrow line style (solid, dashed, dotted)
- nodes will be draggable
- nodes will have round corners

if a user hovers a node, it will show a + icon on 4 sides of the node
if a user clicks on one of the + icons, it will add a new node to the mind map
when a new node is added, it will come with arrows from the parent node
moving a node will also move the arrows from the parent node


user can save/export the mind map
user can load/import the mind map

there will a static left pane
left pane will have 
- save button 
- load button

PO task list (must have):
1. [ ] Improve node slot finding algorithm such that when child nodes add new child nodes, those shouldn't overlap

P1 task list (should have):
1. [ ] export button shouldn't directly save output, it should ask for file name, etc.
2. [ ] Add auto layout button, when pressed it should layout the nodes in a way that they don't overlap and they are spread out and they should have equal spacing between them
3. [ ] Improve node text editing experience
    instead of updating the width of the node only, update it's position if necessary (left child and root node)

P2 task list (good to have but stretch):
1. [ ] add auto save functionality



known bugs/issues:
1. [ ] When a node is first added, it is added as a right or left child. But when a node is moved to another direction, it arrow rendering is changed, but not which type of child it is changes. e.g. I have a right child, which can only have a right child. but when I move that right child to left, arrow coming to it makes it left child, but it doesn't actually become a left child, it still can only add a right child.
